#summary The pending tasks to be done for distcc

The pending tasks for the distcc work
  * what happens if you pass already-preprocessed input like .i and .ii to the include server?

nice to have, not critical:
  * move the language bits in tests into helper objects so we don't have to repeat so much in the tests
  * DISTCC_HOSTS token to indicate that xcodedistcc zeroconf hosts should be collected, similar to +zeroconf for native distcc zeroconf hosts


done:
  * -x support
     * -x in distcc/distccd -- code and tests added
     * -x in include_server -- parse_command already picks it all up, and compiler_defaults moves it along collecting the system dirs correctly.
  * probably don't need to do anything with these except stop collecting -arch:
     * -arch support in the include_server doesn't seem to do anything w/ what it collects
     * -arch support probably needs to support building >1 arch at a time like gcc does.
  * -include - already worked, added test case
  * double check DashONoSpace_Case since gcc -ofoo -c foo.c seems to work?
  * don't force a .d file to be created on the server since it can conflict w/ more then one -arch option.
  * --hostinfo compiler version reporting
  * fix paths in debug info for Mach-O files
  * finish up --hostinfo
  * xcode developer dir
     * if distcc is doing cpp on the server:
        * send through the sysroot so the server can match the right sdk on the server
        * map the developer dir into a marker for file/link lists
        * on the server reverse it to the right developer dir
     * if distcc is doing cpp on the client
        * strip.c:dcc_strip_local_args needs to remove the sysroot since it's not needed during the compile
     * in both cases, map the developer dir to a token when sending and reverse map in when receiving within all argv entries.
        * handles compiler with developer dir in its path
        * handles sdk for isysroot, etc.
  * -isysroot/--sysroot
     * index_server needs to collect it and use it when collecting compiler defaults
        * add another dimension for (i)sysroots or combine them w/ the compiler or arch to build the key for lookup.
  * remove GNU Make-ism (filter-out) from Makefile, move the logic into configure.  Make -DXCODE_INTEGRATION something that configure knows how to set.
  * update the makefile to not compile the xci files if xcode integration isn't enabled.
  * reintegrate xcodedistcc advertisement via dns_sd (apple)/avahi (linux)
  * extend --host-info to include what SDKs are on the machine for use, it just needs to list the sdk nams, not the paths since those are handled via the developer dir.
  * -iframework to match like -F
  * see if we need to beef up -F support in the include server - beefed up
     * interleave them with -I - done
     * teach the include server to look in the Frameworks's Headers dir - done
     * handle subframework includes like apple gcc - done
  * support header maps

Things to point out to apple
  * we have no way to deal with header maps, which Xcode loves.  many projects rely on header maps (even if they don't intend to) because it's the Xcode default.  when USE_HEADERMAP=NO in Xcode (no UI for that setting), header maps are disabled; if things can be compiled locally with that setting, then pump mode ought to be able to handle them too.
  * the gcc version must also bump if the sdks change in any way due to how system headers are moved over the wire, they need to match between all machines so they see the same headers.
  * the way that /System/Library/LaunchDaemons/distccd.plist starts distccd must change.  USE_XCODE_SELECT_PATH is no longer used.  distccd should be invoked as distccd --no-detach --daemon --zeroconf --priority WHATEVER --allow 0.0.0.0/0
  * The way xcode picks slaves needs to take into account SDKs now:
     * if no SDK set in xcode project/target, only pick machines on the same major OS version.
     * if SDK set in xcode project/target, then as picking hosts only pick hosts that have that SDK installed.
  * It might be nice to add --randomize to DISTCC_HOSTS, but that might interfere with Xcode's priority scheme.  Still, Xcode can randomize DISTCC_HOSTS a bit before invoking each distcc.
  * If distccd is started on a nonstandard port, Xcode doesn't honor the nonstandard port.  Xcode will hear the Bonjour advertisement but attempt to query it on the default port, 3632.  If the port is not the default, Xcode should append :port to the hostname, for example, box-o-bits.local:3633 if distccd is running on port 3633.  Both "distcc --host-info box-o-bits.local:3633" and putting box-o-bits.local:3633 in DISTCC_HOSTS already do the right thing.

Things to point out to distcc
  * The include_server requirement that client_root contain exactly three components is ludicrous.  Rather than having distcc strip off exactly three components from the beginnings of paths to see inside the client root, the include_server should communicate its client_root back to distcc, so that distcc knows exactly what to strip off.